hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed I'm here to show people how to
use AI in a way that creates real world
impact and many of you are creating
images with AI using Google Chrome say
chat GPT and darly but the problem with
chrome is that only downloads images
well at least on Windows 11 as webp
format super annoying because many
platforms won't support the webp format
so you have to figure out how to convert
them or you can't use these images I'm
going to show you how to solve it very
very quickly let's go so first let's
look at the problem so we generated a
beautiful image in chat GPT uh this is
just a playful image I created for this
and we come down to save image as and
here's the problem it will only let you
save as webp and we know that's super
annoying so I'm going to show you in
five or six quick easy steps how to
solve it step one open a new Chrome easy
step two click the three little dots up
here step three come down to extensions
visit Chrome web store click that next
step type in save image as
type there's the
extension very easy and now the next
step add to Chrome and it'll bring up a
permission box it'll tell you what
permissions it has you can then add that
extension and you're done now let me
show you how easy it is to use now so
we'll come back to our image we'll just
refresh the page so that the uh
extension is activated on it now and
well when we right click we can save
images type and look at that save as
JPEG let's save it as a PNG and that
should bring up a save menu with PNG
down the bottom problem solved nice and
easy folks if you like little tips like
this please subscribe give us a like and
I'll see you in the next video peace